c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.exe
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.deps.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.dll
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.pdb
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\EersteProject.styles.css
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.dll
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\EersteProject.dll
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.pdb
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Back-end Web Development\EersteProject\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\EersteProject.dll
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.exe
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.deps.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.dll
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\bin\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.pdb
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\EersteProject.styles.css
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.dll
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\EersteProject.dll
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.pdb
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\EersteProject.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Bulbmanager\Documents\Gits\Back-end-Web-Development-with-.NET-\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\EersteProject.dll
